there are a few things that are hurting
your marketing and today we're gonna
stop them and do cool stuff instead
that's gonna help your marketing hi
everyone i'm neil patel and today i'm
gonna break down three things
that you shouldn't be doing in marketing
for 2022 and what you should be doing
instead
in marketing
what used to be the best practices a few
years ago are now a completely waste of
time not for everything but for most
things why because everyone else is
doing them they're super saturated
they're super competitive and they don't
work as well so you got to start doing
new things i'm talking about activities
that aren't really going to help you get
a lot of progress generate you a lot of
revenue or create impact for your
clients or your own business especially
if you're working as a marketer for
multiple clients so let's go over these
activities
number one
manual repetitive marketing tasks i hate
to break it down for you but if you're
doing some of these tasks manually
you're setting yourself up for failure
back in the day i see a lot of people
doing seo research manually instead of
doing tools let's say i was writing a
piece of content and i want to rank
specifically for the keyword like dog
food i would go to google i would search
for that keyword analyze the top 10
sites manually one by one the top
position see what they rank for for
other keywords the links that they're
getting their title tags or meta
descriptions and the list would go on
and on
nowadays i just plug in those urls into
tools like uber says and it tells me
what's working what's not who's ranking
what keywords they use what other
keywords they rank for
and if you do this you'll save time
there's also a tool that i've been using
that helps me do a lot of those manual
marketing tasks automatically it's
called uipath
if you haven't seen uipath make sure you
check it out
number two running marketing efforts
that provide no value at all when it
comes to revenue here's what i mean
social media marketing is great seo is
great
paid advertising is great but if they
don't drive revenue what's the point
i have a lot of people on my team
telling me neil this new social network
came out called clubhouse you need to
check it out this was back in the day
you know what i did i barely
participated on clubhouse why who wanted
to be on a social network that you
actually had to be there all the time
how is that going to generate tons of
revenue from that there was no way to
link out to my site but you need to look
at the roi if you're not getting roi for
a channel try conversion rate
optimization that's the that's the
effort or the marketing strategy of
taking those visitors and converting
them into customers or you may try to do
instagram stories where you talk about
your product and tell people to swipe up
so they can buy from you but when you
try a handful of these tactics and
eventually if you're making very little
roi i'm not saying push away that
channel and neglect it forever or not
even do it because there's some value in
building a brand and need to be there
for your customers to communicate with
you did you know that over 84 of
consumers want to be able to communicate
with people
the businesses that they interact with
or people they interact with and do
business with through social media
you need to be on these channels but if
they don't produce the roi you don't
need to be on them 10 hours a day figure
out the right time for you and trim them
down and then focus the extra hours that
you've saved on the channels that
provide a better roi
number three studying marketing
disciplines that you're not applying
i blog about marketing i create video
content what's wrong with watching all
my videos and reading all my content and
that's it
well if you just do that
and you don't implement anything
you're not going to get results
leave a comment below be honest i'm here
to help that's why i'm telling you to be
honest
how many pieces of video and content
have you read and how much have you
actually applied to your website or your
business or your client's website
if you're barely applying anything stop
reading my stuff i know that it hurts me
to say that but it's best for you i
don't want you to keep reading and
watching my stuff
over and over again and not implement
anything you can watch some of my stuff
you can read some of my stuff but spend
more time implementing than trying to
learn from me that'll get you better
results than just reading my stuff or
someone else's stuff you need to focus
on execution that's what drives results
in marketing if you need help with your
marketing check out my ad agency np
digital if you enjoy the video like it
share it tell the people about it if you
have any questions leave a comment below
i'm here to answer and help you out